a little while longer,
What's going on.
Dad, they can't live anymore.
He also took it over there to make money.
OK. Enter again.
eh eh eh eh
I'll give you something when I eat it
Yeah yeah
Come on this
we are
I just saved it for you
this kind of thing
I still look down on you, I declare
Huaxing Chamber of Commerce
Cancel the cooperation with grass price
Then the president will grow like this
we we know we were wrong
We can be the same
Next time, next time I won’t dare
same words
I remember he and Qinggao also said that
I tell you
I forgot the son of the spear thief
Not all of us can understand
Your example
This is all your fault
You came back to our Chao House like this
You really dare to kill me
You are like this
Dad, why do you blame me?
You also guessed that you are right
What’s this guy’s background like?
Why didn't you tell me earlier?
I said come here
Don’t you believe it? Hello everyone
My family's ten thousand moons
Very happy for everyone's support
I also want to thank Wangui Party for trusting me.
I will try my best to treat him well